[RHACS] [Docs] ROX-30753: Docs for generating SBOM from scanned images Phase 2 (#99991)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sbom-generate.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities/scanner-generate-sbom.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="sbom-generate_{context}"]
= Generating SBOMs

> You can generate Software Bill of Material (SBOMs) by using the {rh-rhacs-first} portal, `roxctl` CLI, or API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) by using the {rh-rhacs-first} portal, `roxctl` CLI, or API.
```
